doc: base improvements + docsify migration + typos/wordings (#3)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/usage/dashcorelib-primitives.md

## Transaction 

The Transaction primitive allows easy creation and manipulation of transactions. It also allows signing when provided with a privatekey.  

> Supports fee control and input/output access (which allows to pass a specific script).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supports fee control and input/output access (which allows passing a specific script).
```

## Address

Standardized representation of a Dash Address. Address can be instantiated from a String, PrivateKey, PublicKey, HDPrivateKey or HdPublicKey.  

> Pay-to-script-hash multi-signatures from an array of PublicKeys are also supported.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay-to-script-hash (P2SH) multi-signature addresses from an array of PublicKeys are also supported.  
```
Modified slightly, but I do not think I changed the meaning.

## Block

> Given a hexadecimal string representation of the block as input, the Block class allows you to have a deserialized representation of a Block or it's header. It also allows to validate the transactions in the block against the header merkle root.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a hexadecimal string representation of the block as input, the Block class allows you to have a deserialized representation of a Block or its header. It also allows validating the transactions in the block against the header merkle root.
```
